adding Read buffer size argument to fasthttp server and grpc server (#2263)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/configuration/increase-read-buffer-size.md

---
type: docs

> title: "How-To: Handle large http read buffer size"

Reviewer: How-To: Handle large http header size

> linkTitle: "Http read buffer size"

Reviewer: HTTP header size

Reviewer 2: Thank you for your reply, I will make the appropriate changes.

weight: 6000

> description: "Configure http read buffer size that are bigger than 4 KB"

Reviewer 3: Can you please add a few sentences on why someone would want to increase the read buffer size?

Also can you please change the description to "Configure a larger http read buffer size".

Reviewer 2: Thank you for your reply. Our company manages the current cluster application deployment by abstracting the content of the k8s yaml file into a node structure tree. The transmission data generated when a large number of applications are deployed in the upper layer is very large. Because of historical problems, temporarily The solution is to solve by setting the http read buffer size.I will modify this description to "Configure a larger http read buffer size".

---

> Dapr has a limit for the read buffer size which is defaults to 4 KB, this param limits the maximum http header size. Using bigger than default 4KB size headers should set this to a proper value. Otherwise, you may encounter a `Too big request header` service invocation error. You can change this config by defining `dapr.io/http-read-buffer-size` annotation or `--dapr-http-read-buffer-size` flag.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Dapr has a default limit of 4KB for the http header read buffer size.  When sending http headers that are bigger than the default 4KB, you can increase this value. Otherwise, you may encounter a `Too big request header` service invocation error. You can change the http header size by using the `dapr.io/http-read-buffer-size` annotation or `--dapr-http-read-buffer-size` flag when using the CLI.
```

{{< tabs Self-hosted Kubernetes >}}

{{% codetab %}}

> When running in self hosted mode, use the `--dapr-http-read-buffer-size` flag to configure Dapr to use non-default request body size:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When running in self hosted mode, use the `--dapr-http-read-buffer-size` flag to configure Dapr to use non-default http header size:
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is the correct modification.
